Dawson Conway
2373540

	I was a member of the documentation group for team 1 on the Quaternions project. I was responsible for the reference documentation. I had to document everything in our project in-depth. To do so I used Scribble, Racket's own documentation language. Scribble is based on Racket, but it uses slightly different syntax. We chose to use Scribble because it matches the already existing Racket documentation, allowing for a sense of consistency. 
	The first challenge was learning how to use Scribble. It treats everything as text to be displayed unless it is prefixed with "@". It creates a table of contents automatically as well as most of the styles. Thankfully the basics of scribble were straight-forward. @Section makes a section, @subsection makes a subsection. I picked it up and eventually I understood how to use it.
	Then I started documenting our project by going through the file and writing a summery for each procedure. I explained each argument and the output for each procedure as well as the process used to get that output. I added examples for each procedure. I also ended up organizing the code in our project itself. I re-ordered the functions so that they were grouped logically (quaternion-specific functions, basic operators and advanced operators). This allowed my documentation to explain procedures in the same order they appeared in the code, so that anyone reading the code could follow along in the documentation. 
	I also wrote the documentation for the qreader. Much like the reference for the rest of the project, I went procedure-by-procedure explaining what each one did.
	The hardest part for documentation was learning Scribble. I feel like we actually under-utilized it as a resource, and if this were a much longer project I would have been able to use it much more efficiently and better. Thankfully I worked with Austin Applegate. We communicated very well and worked together to get Documentation done. He took care of the User Guide while I did my parts. Early in the project I also worked with the programmers, mostly in brainstorming how to do the functions and figuring out the math behind the quaternions. We also communicated a lot during the making of the project as they would explain what it is they were doing so that I could document it. Using GitHub helped a lot because I could follow along with the changes they made to the program. In all the group worked together and communicated together well.
	The last thing for me is working with the Business and Billing people to figure out how to properly demonstrate my part of the project. I think that will go well as well.
